Name of the college
ATRIA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY BANGLORE.

Vision
To be a premier technical and management institution providing the best in class learning solutions for developing competent professionals.

Mission
Atria Institute of Technology is committed to:Create the right ambiance to attract the best human resources,Collaborate with leading institutions and industry,Nurture students with teaching, learning engagements, and research.

Address
Adjacent Bangalore Baptist Hospital, Hebbal, Bengaluru, Karnataka-560024.

Top Recruting or Hiring  Companies 
Wipro,TATA consultancy services,Infosys,IBM,Cognizant,Jaro education,Mindtree,Flipkart.

Chairman
C S Sunder Raju.

Principal
Dr K V Narayanaswamy.

Admissions
Atria Institute of Technology offers focused UG,PG and Doctoral Engineering programmes.

Campus
Spacious 17  acre campus with ample trees and greenery in the heart of the silicon city of India- Bangalore. 

Collaborations
Siemens,CMTI.

Courses
Bachelor courses offered
B.E in Electronics & Communication Engineering,B.E in Civil Engineering,B.E in Computer Science & Engineering,B.E in Information Science & Engineering,B.E in Mechanical Engineering
Master courses offered
M.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering,M.Tech in Digital Electronics & Engineering,M.Tech in Computer Network & Engineering
MBA Courses
Core HR,Core Marketing,Core Finance .

Timing
8:30 am to 4:30 pm for students,8:30 am to 5 pm for teachers.

Scholarships
Merit Scholarships-100%, 50%, and 25% tuition fee waiver for the top 3 students in each stream - annually; Applicable to the next academic year. Atria 'Young Scholars' Program-Fee Waiver - Industry Mentorship - Advanced Learning Opportunities - Career Guidance by Experts - Future Secured.

Average class size
50-60 students per class.

Hostel facilities
We have seperate hostel for boys and girls with Semi furnished room,Student friendly wardens,Wi-fi conectivity,CCTV cameras,Indoor games,24/7 security.

Meals
Atria has full fledged canteen provide hygenic and sumptuous food both in north indian and south indian styles,Quick snacks and fresh juice counters are available.

Placements
At Atria,we have placement as an integral part of the education process of a student;Placement preparation & readiness starts soon after admissions - for each student, identifying the basic skills and improvement areas,conducting foundation, add-on, and advantage courses,monitoring the progress and enhancing the readiness to face the placement season with confidence.

Internship opportunities
Students need to search for off campus internships.

Extra currricular activities
Students are offered with various  extra currricular activities,Intrested students can get special coaching for extra currricular activities through college.

Clubs in college
We have various clubs in our college like: Kannada vedike,Hindi parishad,Cultural forum,Nature nurturers eco clubs.

College Canteen
Atria has full fledged canteen provide hygenic and sumptuous meals both in north indian and south indian styles,Quick snacks and fresh juice counters are available.

Parking Facility
The institute has spacious parking facility which can accommodate 1500 two wheelers and 50 four wheelers.

Auditoriums
The institute has many state of the art auditoriums;These auditoriums are used for several occasions such as Graduation ceremony, First year inauguration,Fresher’s party, Felicitation functions, Alumni events, Major department level events, and others.

Library
The library strives to offer exceptional service by acquiring, organizing, and providing access to information resources specializing in the fields of science, engineering and technology, and management.

